Then follow the script
Do you remember Lanxin?
After he came out of President Yang's room
He became insane.
Confrontation
This time he is miserable
Call Me Woman
Dare to contradict and pick up
This time he is miserable hahaha
Queen
Next time, don't let the villain wait on you.
Gotta bother this kid
The last cheap one wants to run
This is the script of the duo
But how was the plot rewritten?
My conclusion in this script is
Kill the gun!
No, I can't die here
Calm down I want to calm down
Is it because I had an accident and couldn't act?
So the plot was changed.
If so
If I can get the script back to the original plot
Can I go back and not have to die?
Yo, isn't this the little Thor of the Red Gang?
Why did you start the business of going through windows and crossing households?
I want to stay with you for a while
What kind of place do you take me here?
Come and go as you want
What do you want, I can exchange me with you.
want
Your Heart
If you really want to go back to the original plot
Then Lei Fan and An Hongze must be two people
Fall in love with you first
How to disagree
Cry now
It's a deal!